N26: bevy_verlet (#801)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/026/index.md

[gd-discord]: https://discord.com/invite/FNudpBD
[gd-twitter]: https://twitter.com/GodotRust

### bevy_verlet

![bevy_verlet](bevy_verlet.gif)

`bevy_verlet` ([Github][bv_github]) is a lib for projects using [Bevy
Engine][bv_bevy] providing a plugin to use [verlet Integration][bv_wikipedia]
physics. Very useful for Cloth simulation and joints, and less expensive than
complex physics engine, it is a nice addition to 2D or 3D projects. Making good
use of the Entity-Component-System architecture of the bevy engine, any entity
can become a `VerletPoint` and have physics applied to it.

> The lib also provides *sticks* which constraint the points in order to create
> strings or cloth.
> 
> Modulable, you may customize the physics precision (iterations), the gravity,
> and the physics time step to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lib also provides *sticks* which constrains the points in order to create
strings or cloth. With its modularity, you may customize the physics precision
(iterations), the gravity, and the physics time step to use.
```
